Post release checklist testing fixes (#28)
nautobot/nautobot-app-dev-example: docs/dev/release_checklist.md

Generate release notes with `invoke generate-release-notes --version 1.4.2` and answer `yes` to the prompt `Is it okay if I remove those files? [Y/n]:`. This will update the release notes in `docs/admin/release_notes/version_X.Y.md`, stage that file in git, and `git rm` all the fragments that have now been incorporated into the release notes.

There are two possibilities:

1. If you're releasing a new major or minor version, rename the `version_X.Y.md` file accordingly (e.g. rename to `docs/admin/release_notes/version_1.4.md`). Update the `Release Overview` and add this new page to the table of contents within `mkdocs.yml`.
2. If you're releasing a patch version, copy your version's section from the `version_X.Y.md` file into the already existing `docs/admin/release_notes/version_1.4.md` file. Delete the `version_X.Y.md` file.

Check the `git diff` to verify the changes are correct (`git diff --cached`). Remember to also stage `git add pyproject.toml`.

Commit `git commit -m "Create release v1.4.2"` and push the staged changes.

### Submit Release Pull Request

> Submit a pull request titled `**"Release vX.Y.Z"**` to merge your release branch into `develop`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit a pull request titled `**"Release v1.4.2"**` to merge your release branch into `develop`.
```

Author: Good catch, fixed separately as I was editing that part.

Once CI has completed on the PR, merge it.

Once merged into `develop`, submit another pull request with the same title to merge `develop` into `main`. Copy the documented release notes into the pull request's body.

> 

Reviewer: FWIW this is different than the process we use in nautobot core - there the release branch is created from develop and PRed directly into main, rather than doing two separate release PRs.

Author: Yeah I'm not entirely sure what's the point of release->develop->main ... perhaps @smk4664 knows since this is based on his edits on the core checklist.

Author: Since most apps were doing release->main->develop originally, I'll simplify this for now.

Author: Thanks both! Instructions updated accordingly.

!!! important
    The changelog must adhere to the [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/) style guide.

This guide uses `1.4.2` as the new version in its examples, so change it to match the version you bumped to in the previous step! Every. single. time. you. copy/paste commands :)

> First, create a release branch off of `develop` (`git switch -c release-1.4.2 develop`).

Reviewer: Let's include an example with explicitly calling `git switch develop; git pull` as a prerequisite.

Author: There's a callout at the very start, but I added commands there as well for full clarity.

Draft a [new release](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot-app-dev-example/releases/new) with the following parameters.

* **Tag:** Input current version (e.g. `v1.4.2`) and select `Create new tag: v1.4.2 on publish`
* **Target:** `main`
* **Title:** Version and date (e.g. `v1.4.2 - 2024-04-02`)

Click "Generate Release Notes" and edit the auto-generated content as follows:

- Change the entries generated by GitHub to only the usernames of the contributors. e.g. `* Updated dockerfile by @nautobot_user in https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/123` -> `* @nautobot_user`.
    - This should give you the list for the new `Contributors` section.
    - Make sure there are no duplicated entries.
- Replace the content of the `What's Changed` section with the description of changes from the release PR (what towncrier generated).
- Leave the `New Contributors` list as it is.

The release notes should look as follows:

```markdown
## What's Changed

**Towncrier generated Changed/Fixed/Housekeeping etc. sections here**

## Contributors

* @alice
* @bob

## New Contributors

* @bob
```

Publish the release!

### Create a PR from `main` back to `develop`

> Create a new branch from `main` called `release-1.4.2-to-develop` and use `poetry version prepatch` to bump the development version to the next release. Don't forget to sync your local `main` branch with the upstream changes!

Reviewer: How about explicitly adding `git switch main; git pull` to the below example as well?
